Teleportation Task 1.2-1.4 added (#1556)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/teleportation/send_the_message/index.md

Entangle the message qubit with Alice's qubit and extract two classical bits to be sent to Bob.

**Input:** 

> 1. Alice's part of the entangled pair of qubits qAlice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Alice's part of the entangled pair of qubits `qAlice`.
```

2. The message qubit qMessage.

**Output:**  

> Two classical bits Alice will send to Bob via classical channel as a tuple of Bool values. The first bit in the tuple should hold the result of measurement of the message qubit, the second bit - the result of measurement of Alice's qubit. Represent measurement result 'One' as **true** and 'Zero' as **false**. The state of the qubits in the end of the operation doesn't matter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two classical bits Alice will send to Bob via classical channel as a tuple of Boolean values. The first bit in the tuple should hold the result of measurement of the message qubit, the second bit - the result of measurement of Alice's qubit. Represent measurement result `One` as `true` and `Zero` as `false`. The state of the qubits in the end of the operation doesn't matter.
```
